Via Oberta Authorization (#15)
ConsorciAOC/Decidim-Catalunya: decidim-via_oberta_authorization/README.md

# Decidim::ViaObertaAuthorization

> A decidim package to provice user authorizations agains Via Oberta WS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Decidim module to provide user authorizations against Via Oberta WS.
```
